I am unsure who the target audience for this series is... I am willing to believe that it's going to bring the most enjoyment for people that did not read the books nor play the games, but that demographic will face its fair share of problems watching Netflix's Witcher too. I dare to include myself in the former group and I'm going to speak from mostly that perspective.

Reading the news about The Witcher being filmed, I did not expect it to be a perfect representation of Sapkowski's literature, and it would've been perfectly fine to let the scriptwriters have a bit of freedom. Unfortunately, in case of this series, said writers seem to have been way too generous with the delete button on their keyboards. The dialogues are not only lazy and simplified but at certain points, crucial story-building lines have been cut out and replaced with a Game of Thrones'esque bloodbath. This dynamic seems to be recurring during the whole series. Having noticed that, I was furious because my favorite witty and sarcastic characters sounded like teenagers arguing in a video game. The biggest victim of this is Geralt himself. Instead of a somewhat cold-blooded but extremely intelligent and righteous monster killer, we got, well... Superman. Let's just say that staring into the abyss, blurting out barely whole sentences and hacking off limbs for seemingly no reason is not what Geralt was supposed to be. Maybe it's due to poor actor choice because let's be honest, playing a superhero all your life does strip you off some charisma.

That leads straight to the next point which is the cast situation overall. I do feel like Netflix is really pushing political correctness with this series. I'm not going to go into specifics, but most of the characters' appearances differ too much from the ones we know from games and books. It creates a very potent dissonance which makes it hard to recognize who is who.

The last really big mistake is something that people who haven't had contact with anything witcher related yet may struggle with. I'm talking about chronology and consistency. The storylines portrayed in The Witcher are told in parallel with no connection to each other. Jumps from present to the past and even the future are very frequent. I told my parents to watch the series to see what an 'outsider' would think about it, and they had no idea what was going on, and why the characters are acting like that. Even I have felt somewhat lost at times watching the series.

People seem to be focusing mostly on the fact, that the series's budget was too small and it shows. In my opinion, one could live with the CGI not being too great and the costumes being cheap. What I can't cope with, is a cheap script and shoddy acting. In this state the series could be called 'a generic fantasy action movie XYZ' and it would've made absolutely no difference.

I do have to say however that Yennefer's plot was a great idea, especially given that she's almost THE single character that's portrayed right, but sadly it's dimmed by the overall poor series.