I really, REALLY wanted to like Netflix’s adaptation of The Witcher. While never reading the books nor playing the games, I wanted it to fill the Game of Thrones sized-hole in my heart. While I knew it could not be Game of Thrones, it didn’t take on much of a life of anything, unfortunately. 

The story is told in a non-linear fashion, with three major storylines that eventually converge. Two of these storylines span decades, and provide way more context needed for the third storyline which takes place in the “present”. So many gaps are left in the storyline that you as the audience are meant to implicitly fill, which makes for bad writing. Furthermore, this means that 75% of the show is just filler with no contribution to the central conflict—which was very abstract and not explained at ALL, which made it far less threatening (seriously, what’s wrong with Nilfgaard anyways, except for the subtle hints that it’s a metaphor for communism?)

The lore of The Witcher is poorly told, and while the laws of Magic that govern the mages are told to us, these rules seemed abandoned several times. Each character speaks aloud of their desires, ambitions, and weaknesses, yet act against their favor numerous times, which make for an extremely one-dimensional cast with whom you have little sympathy for. I think the most fleshed out character was Dandelion/Jaskier, the bard who serves as comic relief—the rest are just shadows of some archetype that they fail to fulfill. 

By the end of season one, you are left with an undercooked plot and a flat ensemble of characters, and the show is so directionless I can’t even imagine where season two could go, as we are pretty much in the same place we started in episode one. Several buzzwords like “destiny” and “chaos” are thrown around, yet they are poor explanations for the world that The Witcher inhabits. You can kind of see where they’re going for, but it’s not enough. 

If renewed, I’m not sure I would even bother to see how the show redeems itself (if it even does), as its left us on such an aimless spot on what feels like a very pointless mission. The only reason why this has two stars instead of one is because Dandelion has some pretty catchy ballads, and the fact that Henry Cavill is VERY hot in this show.