As a massive Witcher fan, I have to say I am pleasantly surprised by this adaption. 

First thing - The characters. Every single actor and actress did a spectacular job with the initial introduction and development of their characters. Henry Cavill was born to play the role of Geralt! One of my main concerns was the voice, especially after Doug Cockle completely nailed it in the video game series and how it could have easily just sounded cheesy, but nope. (In fact it was that good I was half expecting Henry Cavill to sound like that on one of his interviews). Yennefer (Anya Chalotra) and Ciri (Freya Allan) also both gave excellent performances, and along with the writing their character developments were brilliant while keeping to the source material. My most favourite performance though has to be Jaskier/Dandelion (Joey Batey). Every scene with him in it was comedy gold, not to mention his and Geralts chemistry, I honestly wouldn’t mind a mini spin off series based on their adventures together. 

Now don’t step into this show expecting GoT visual effects, because they’re definitely are not. I’m willing to give the benefit of the doubt and say this is just the first season, and hopefully following the success of Season 1 the budget for Season 2s visual effects will increase. However don’t let that put you off, it’s definitely not the worst and still 100% watchable, just that compared how masterful other aspects of the show is, it was a bit of a shame and deserved a bit more work.  

The next thing is the timelines, I didn’t even realise at first that there were different time lines and that different scenes were jumping from past to present lol, but once you get used to it isn’t too hard to notice which time your watching. This might be confusing for some people but for me personally I found this quite refreshing and more engaging, because it gets the viewer putting pieces together themselves to work out the past and present.

The combat in this series is beautifully done. The scenes with Geralt fighting enemies with the camera panning him from the back is cinematography at it’s finest, along with the very gory, explicit kill scenes, all tying into the dark fantasy world. The sword fights all seemed realistic and natural, along with the powerful but not over powered magic (btw they got the magic special effects spot on).

Finally, one of the shows most strongest factors is the writing. The storytelling throughout is masterfully done, keeping significantly close to the source material and keeping at a familiar pace as fans have seen with the games and books. Plenty of gut wrenching monster killing is provided while at the same time not losing track from the plot line. Each characters timeline was developed perfectly while all tying to each other’s so smoothly (especially on the last two episodes where all is revealed). The writing also had plenty of comedic value which we all know and love, as well as the dark/midievel tone. 

Overall the show surpassed all my expectations. I have to be honest I wasn’t expecting much, but this series has definitely satisfied my Witcher addiction and I know for certain this will be popular among old fans and new ones. If you watched this show but have not played the games or books, I highly HIGHLY recommend you do. There is a whole Witcher world out there to explore and I promise you will enjoy every single moment of it. And if you haven’t watched this show, WATCH IT, YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT. I am now going to go cry myself to sleep because season 2 isn’t going to release until 2021.