The Netflix’s Witcher  is a fantasy epic drama series released in December 2019 with its first season, based on the popular video game series (The Witcher 3: The Wild Hunt) which are fan-fiction sequels to the novels written by the Polish author ‘Andrzej Sapkowski’. The show starts really slow and it takes quite some time to pick up the story line but once you comprehend it, especially from the 3rd episode, it suddenly gets exciting as it gets darker and intense.

It also illustrates the new trend of different time zones/ timelines in the same series to make it captivating as well as confusing and you certainly get bewildered at first and wonder what is really happening but then you recognize the several phases of past and the present, it then gets easier to put pieces together.

The show is full of mystical powers which is so exemplary and incredible to watch; Witches, Elves, mages, supernatural powers, dragons, dwarfs, uncanny cursed creatures and so on.

The action, cinematography, graphics, visual effects are laudable and absolutely makes it worth a watch.
However, I would mention that the direction of the show isn’t upto the mark.

The main character Henry Cavill, who is remembered for the character of superman in DC Comics, plays the role of the Witcher, Geralt of Rivia in this series.

Honestly, I found him quite boring and found his work soulless although that might have been the portrayal of his character but his action scenes especially the combats are amazing to watch.

However, I liked the other two female main characters; Yennefer (Anya Chalotra) and Ciri (Freya Allan), who both have spectacular witch powers and the presentation of their super natural powers is astonishing.

The story revolves around our superman witcher who is a popular mutated monster hunter, earning coins for survival by killing dangerous monsters.
Other hand, Yennefer, who is sold to a socceress by her abusive father, is cursed with a hunchback and misshapen jaw which she later reshape herself into a beautiful seductive witch.